ideas for possible things to implement by occasion:


01) add Base64 I2p Support

02)  communicator throttling mechanisms
  - bucket algorithms for trusted/recommended/episodic sources of data

04) copy out of the sha1 can have the prefix "Arado-ID" 

05) enter data : enter description, the paragraph makes a new line in the database. maybe the paragraph should be replaced by the BLANK , so that there is no line break?


08) a top pulldown menu to copy out or mail the whole line of the data entry, not only a cell
    -- Yes, this would be a nice thing to have. Maybe in a context menu of
       one of the items on the line, where there already is a mailto function.


10) settings option for enabled or disabled: "show time in display"-table
  -- what for? We don't want optional cloumns if we can avoid it. Add complexity
     when it actually adds funcitonality.
  -- Timestamp is already shown in url display, new option in settings would be, to not show timestamp column,
 	if the recent button ic connected to a descending sortening, fresh on top.

11) find an ipv4 way of talking end-to-end with peers
a) finding the other IP => TBD over DHT, e.g. bitdht.sf.net (LGPL) or kadc.sf.net (GPL)

   communicator to collect/send IPs  - 3 of these
  - bitdht (or alternative, e.g. gnutella, kadc) that uses shared IP database

12) find an ipv4 way of talking end-to-end with peers
b) and connecting to it => using the UDP Detection or STUN service, e.g. in bitdht for the dht network or in other protocols, e.g. torrent, gnutella.

13) Implement 3 Http Connection sercers for handling 3 network protocols, ipv4, ipv6, Qt Proxy localhost4444 (-> port definition in settings table, not in gui)

14) set width of sha1-column max to contentmaximum length or by default minimum as long as the arado icon above it
url-display.cpp 133:
    //item->horizontalHeader()->setResizeMode(0, QHeaderView::Stretch);
    //item->setSizeHint (80);
    //item->horizontalHeader()->resizeSection(0, 50); // column 0, width 50
   -- fixed width is a really bad idea 

15) Progress Bar steered by a timer if the search button is pressed.
  -- there is no good information to display a progress bar that makes any sense

16) Url Display: Row Width
- Fixed Width for header browse
- Fixed Maximum With for Header Time
- Default Widht for Sha1 Header, extenable as long as content, minimum as logo width

17) Make the Browse icon a Browse Button with icon

18)  Start Sync button or Menue switches to Url Display page and start the progress bar (timed)

19) Settings allow to disable Time Row View on url display


20) URL-Cell: Context Menu with command: "Rate Good", which overwrites the timestamp with the actual time,
which causes this Good Rated Url to be on top and spread again. 
  -- NO, this won't help spread the URL any more than it already is. The
     timestamp is local, and other nodes will recoginize the hash (sha) and
     won't update the URL.

21) Extended Search: Second Press on Search Button could ask the connected peers for hash or keyword, option to disable in settings, default on

22) No hardcoded url to webmailers for UUID Mailsent

23) OWN Ip and UUID is sent over Sync Button-Press, but not by default, otherwise a lot of users will not connect.

24) Move Database to another hard disk.

25) Get/api: replace "arado" in url-string with UUID. Mabye make "request" = "r" and count = "c" to be shorter?

26) https?

27) Extended Search: Second press on the Search button, with same searchterms, ask a few central searchengines, e.g. yacy Portals,
but extended search should not ask Arado nodes, as this search is done locally as filter only.

28) Thumbnail-image: Search URL Cell for webloadable URL, if not found/loadable, do the same for keywords cell,
    load the url in a hidden Qtwebkit-window process and make a thumbnail
    Start this process and load the Weburl in case, the user clicks on the description cell with then higher Hight, and display the thumbnail png on the left.
    The Arado XML then might need an entryitem >thumbnail< which points to a hash for the image database cache with 1000 impage entries
    or and reply get to the server to generate then (in a webinterface) 10 thumbnails
    http://127.0.0.1/arado?request=recent&count=5   -> might need to be extended then with "&webgui=true", to know get requestes to create 10 thumbnails
    are of interest.

30) add crawler to Arado for StartingUrls, for all incoming urls, only for browsed urls

32) Run URL Database in RAM-cache only modus for 10 MB of urls (new entries deleting the oldest)

33) Implement Range Load of urls, ideally not a random chunk of urls, but systematically

35) RSS item display in a temp / RAM SQL-Database for RSS items only in the RSS tab

37) IRC-like Chat over http protocol for A and B peers

38) miniupnp implementation with gethostinfo from a DHT, to allow natted peers to be a server.

40) Damned Splitter: RSS Tab: If unchecked the Edit checkbox, splitter should be moved, expanded, resized or streteched to the max right side.

41) Context menue for webview

43) Webview: Icon for youtube-url, download for MP3 conversion

44) webview: display time ranges for search results of keywordsearch, e.g. urls for the keyword, within the last week..

45) Algorithm for displaying the order of the search results by keywordsearch, they are not displayed ascvending by time like the recent button, 
	maybe 3 wikipedia-domain urls and 3 latest-timestamp urls and 3 urls wich contain the searchterm in the title and 3 searchresults which contain the searchterm
	in the url, should be displayed alternating as the top 12 results, and then the other results fuzzy as now.. or (next 20 urls by time) and then fuzzy.




